---
date: 2020-02-1
title: Devlog 3 - CMN
summary: Museum of Nature Visit

# optional header image (relative to 'static/img/' folder).
header:
  caption: ""
  image: ""
tags:
  - devlog
  - digital
  - week 3
---
# Feb 1 2020 Third Devlog

* I am still thinking about which Museum I would like to work on during this term. I know that I do work at Nature but working at another Museum would give me a good chance to increase my network and gain further experience which would be beneficial to both me and CMN. 
* We still have to visit Science and Tech but I suspect that I will probably decide on working at History as this will also allow me to work with different systems than the one I am used to at CMN. 
* It was very interesting to see the many different collections at the CMN as I do not often venture back there during my time there and it was interesting to hear about the different challenges faced in this project compared to the one offered at CMH. I had never heard of this project or anything to do with bones. However, it was interesting to see how the inventory was written. It was very similar to the inventory also used by scientists when they simply list where they found any locations
* This reminds me of the day I spent looking at the evolution of field notes. I compared field notes written back in the 19th 20th and present to see the evolution and it was interesting to see that there really was not any. How a scientist wrote in Alberta in 1898 about his Dinosaurs is the same format as how a Botanist would write in 2015.
* This should be a reminder that history is truley a living breathing science itself. It will be interesting working at any of these 3 to see how the evolution of the practice that we will be doing has changed (or if it even has) over time. 
If I do work at CMH it will be interesting to see how the archeological sites were maintained and collected and how this system has changed and basically why we do it the way we do. This is even the same with the digitization of history. Despite CMN being miles behind CMH it is interesting to see the method behind their madness. 
* CMH seems to use the logic of mass production. Basically we need this digitized as quickly as possible so lets just do it. Often this means that after 5 years it simply needs updating and there must be a better way to handle this. I wonder what is causing this need to refresh and what if there is even any the common theme behind it. I will keep asking this question as over the next couple months and see if I eventually find an answer. 
