---
date: 2020-02-09
title: Devlog 4 - It Begins
summary: Museum of Science and Tech Visit and CMH project

# optional header image (relative to 'static/img/' folder).
header:
  caption: ""
  image: ""
tags:
  - devlog
  - digital
  - week 4
---
# Feb 9 2020 Fourth Devlog

* On Monday went to Science and Tech and learned of their project. They showed off their collection of field markers and the database that would be created around that data
* It was interesting to learn what the third sister Museum is responsible for and how they manage their data and information
* They seem to be somewhere in between CMH and CMN in terms of how far they have progressed in their database management
* On Thursday went to CMH and began examaning their Archeological records from Fort Frontenac
* This was the first time we had actually seen the records so I wanted to see what we were dealing with.
* We started taking photos of the index cards (front and back) to gain a photo that could be added into Tropy.
* The others in the group took mass photos without entering the Metadata or labelling the photos. They Simply focused on taking the photos.
* This was a different strategy than what I did. I originally planned to imput the photos on tropy while entering the metadata while at CMH. This proved time wasting after a while as this was preventing me from taking more photos. I can enter data at home at any time while I am limited with my access to the cards.
* While I did want to take mass images I chose not to due to either a loss of data or a lack of information. I could take lots of images usign my camera on my phone but I always like working on cloud storage as this (from personal experience) is more than worthwhile as it covers your ass if you lose any of your images which is easier than most people realize. I also wanted to make sure I labelled the images correctly otherwise I would have 100 images of cards and not really know where they came from or what section and all this information. This information is necessary for the future metadata and without it the images information is missing.
* I did not understand why some people simply take photos of archival material and then chose to work from home but after actually working on a collection that I am limited with in terms of access I completly understand why. You should maxamize any task that simply cannot be achieved outside of the archives. Now after realizing this next time I will completly focus on taking images and leave the tropy information for another time as thanks to Cloud technology I can do that at any time. 
