---
date: 2019-01-19
title: Devlog 1 - Getting Started
summary: Getting my feet wet

# optional header image (relative to 'static/img/' folder).
header:
  caption: ""
  image: ""
tags:
  - devlog
  - digital
  - week 1
---
# Jan 19 2020 First Devlog
* Started working on building my devlog on Thursday and simply laid down the techincal work but stopped after a while as it became overhwleming with all the techincal lingo and I did not want to overwhelm myself 

* Continued working on the devlog today (sunday) and finished setting up the devlog (I think). Ive managed to set up the file and feel like I have done everything that I needed to do but I am not completely sure.

* I would like to do my museum work at the Museum of Nature as I currently work there and feel like my conenctions would make working on any future project an easier task. As I am also customed to working at the Museum my experience could come in handy helping anyone who also decides to do their project the CMN. While this project/class can give me the option to build more connections at history or Science and Tech, I still want to further my connections at the CMN and I think working at a place I am familiar with will make things smoother and more managable. It would also be interesting to learn more skills at the museum as even in my short period of time there I have often been moved around on projects to try and learn as many possible skills as possible and I feel like this is another opportunity to gain more experience.

* I also missed class this Monday due to illness but I spoke with a classmate and feel like im all caught up but if I feel confused about anyting I know to simply attend student hours and catch up.

* I completed my profile for github and I am almost complete my account on netlify and so far have not had any difficulties with those aspects. I also joined the Hypothesis group. All of these were relatively easy steps which is a great way to build confidence before tackling the actual hard parts of the technical aspects of the course. While there was a bit of a learning curve it does become easier once you get practice. I suspect this will be the recurring theme for this course.

* I havent encountered many errors yet but I have also not been very adventerous this week but after regrouping this Monday I plan on getting a handle on more tasks. I have not completely finished my profile on Netlify (just a few things left) but I do plan on completing that soon and I would also like to start tackling Tropy some time next week.  
