---
date: 2020-02-24
title: Devlog - Haflway Point
summary: Tropy setup

# optional header image (relative to 'static/img/' folder).
header:
  caption: ""
  image: ""
tags:
  - devlog
  - digital
  - week 5
---
# Feb 24 2020 Halfway Point

* Finished creating tropy for my portion of collection.
* Found out how to add additional slots of metadata (and it went well) without any difficulties. I quickly realized that I can easily gather collective metadata for my selection of cards but the other cards from my groups collection could be drastically different making that process rather difficulty. I did not even contemplate this before we left for reading week but thankfully this is fixable
* Have to work with group to figure out our joint metadata and then eventually create a group tropy. Have to figure out how to manage this but I suspect Tropy will have detailed steps so I am not too worried
* Made some good progress on fixing my netlify account and have it now linked to my Github and I am no longer a professor at Stamford but I am still having some difficulty removing the maps and other tools that I have no need for on my profile. I shall dig deeper through the week and if I am still uncessful I will reach out for further help.
* Class was very interesting before reading week. It was interesting to see the impact that analyitics and buisness underlay has on digital humanities. Even before I had my meeting with Canadian Heritage Information Network I was already doing my metadata on excel because it just seemed a quick way to organize my data before transforring it over to their software. It was interesting to see just how influencial analytics is in our processing of information
