---
date: 2019-01-26
title: Devlog 2 - Week 2
summary: Canadian Museum of History

# optional header image (relative to 'static/img/' folder).
header:
  caption: ""
  image: ""
tags:
  - devlog
  - digital
  - week 2
---
# Jan 26 2020 Second Devlog

* On Monday we visite the Museum of History and toured their Library, Archives and Collections. This was the first time I had ever seen the History museum's collections and this was a unique opportunity to see how they organize and handel their operations.
* It was interesting to see that they are extremely similar yet extremely different than the Canadian Museum of Nature.
* They use the same software for collection Management (EMU) & MIMSY. However, there were some major differences between the two.
* The Library and Archives at the Museum of Nature only consists of 2.5 staff members while History probably has close to 30 staff members. This allows history to allocate an indivual as the head of digitizing sound and audio while at nature that position does not exist.
* History is also miles ahead when it comes to digitizing their assets.
* The reasearch and collection part of the Museum of Nature is online but it does not have an image attatched to the collection. It simply tells you the scientific details of the speciman as well as the collection information. At History this information is much more accesable to public (more user friendly interface) and is attatched with photos and more useful information. 
* The Museum of Nature library is even further behind in their efforts to digitize their assets.
* The library does not have all their books on their online database as any book that was collected before 1971 is still used on their card catalogue system and is not present on their library database. If you search for that book online you will not find it. They have started the process of moving their card catalogue online but it is very limited. I was tasked with starting that project in the summer but I only spent maybe 2 days on the project as they simply wanted me to lay the ground work on the project. This will probably not be finished for some time.
* History also explained how they had over 650,000 photos which is far more than Nature yet they are miles ahead of where CMN stands on their digitization. I started their digitization by starting on their large collection of slides pertaining to the arctic. I managed to get over 8,000 images uploaded with the required metadata to their internal databse software Portfolio (I only managed to break it once). However, Portfolio is simply for internal purposes and is not planned for external use meaning that none of those images are available to the public * The CMN do not have any of their archive material (fieldwork, maps, diaries,etc.) digitized even internally. 
* It was extremely interesting to see how history operate and while history is miles ahead of nature they still face difficulties. (It almost feels like they take 10 steps forward only to have to take 4 or 5 steps backwards due to evoloving tech)
* History it seems are facing internal challenges related to software while Nature are simply faced with budget difficulties.
